README.md, before:

![Fabric-Forge Project Template](https://github.com/InvictusSlayer/Fabric-Forge-Project-Template/blob/main/common/src/main/resources/assets/template.png)
This repository is a template for setting up a multi-project using [Architectury](https://docs.architectury.dev/start). Duplicate this project and go 
through the files `architectury.common.json`, `fabric.mod.json`, `mods.toml` as well as all the **package names** and 
`.mixins.json` files and change all occurrences of the word `template` to your mod-id. In addition, change instances of 
my name `invictusslayer` to your own. After doing so change `gradle.properties`so that it contains the appropriate 
values for your repository. This `README.md` can also be used as a template to design your own as GitHub will display 
it on your repository.

This template uses the mappings from [ParchmentMC](https://parchmentmc.org/docs/getting-started) but these can be changed to the official mojang mappings or 
yarn by following the appropriate steps [here](https://docs.architectury.dev/plugin/get_started).

Commit message:

Added NeoForge support Added versions for 1.20.6 & 1.21

README.md, after:

![Fabric-Forge Project Template](https://github.com/InvictusSlayer/Fabric-Forge-Project-Template/blob/main/common/src/main/resources/assets/template.png)
This repository is a template for setting up a multi-loader project using [Architectury](https://docs.architectury.dev/start) for 1.18.2-1.21. Clone 
this repo and go through the files `architectury.common.json`, `fabric.mod.json`, `mods.toml`, `neoforge.mods.toml` as 
well as all the **package names** and `.mixins.json` files and change all occurrences of the word `template` to your 
mod-id. In addition, change instances of my name `invictusslayer` to your own. After doing so change `gradle.properties` 
so that it contains the appropriate values for your repository. This `README.md` can also be used as a template to 
design your own as GitHub will display it on your repository. For NeoForge 1.20.6+ ensure the `mods.toml` file is 
changed to `neoforge.mods.toml`. For versions where there is no mod-loader version listed in `gradle.properties`, there 
is no Architectury support so delete that module when appropriate (I'm looking at you Forge 1.21). This template uses 
the mappings from [ParchmentMC](https://parchmentmc.org/docs/getting-started) but these can be changed to the official mojang mappings or yarn by following the 
appropriate steps [here](https://docs.architectury.dev/plugin/get_started).

Up to date versions for dependencies can be found in `gradle.properties`.
